Now before we dive into dynamic routes you need to adjust your project a bit, either because you skipped
the last module altogether and therefore you should download the entire snapshot I attached to this
lecture which contains my latest state
but you should also download that snapshot or the adjustments zip file which contains the files you will
need to add to your project in case you don't want to use my snapshot
but if you skip the last module, always go with that snapshot. Now in the adjustments zip file and you
can ignore that if you download the snapshot, in the adjustments zip file you will find that javascript
file, the main.js file which you should move into a js folder in the public folder,
you will also find that main.css file and the product.css file in there and you should also
replace yours in the css folder with the ones you find attached because I fine tune some styles.
Additionally, make sure that you also replace all the views you find in that attached zip file and
you simply replace your existing files or their content with the attached files or the content of the attached
files.
And with that added
and in case you are facing any problems, simply take the snapshot. With all that added,
let's now start writing our dynamic route code.